{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier-Bold;\f2\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier-BoldOblique;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11660\viewh10720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs34 \cf0 XBox HID Driver for Mac OS X\

\fs22 \
Release 1.3.4 June 12, 2007\
Created by Darrell Walisser\
http://xhd.sf.net\
walisser@mac.com\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 About the Driver\

\f0\b0 This driver enables the XBox controller on Mac OS X.\
\

\f1\b System Requirements\

\f0\b0 Mac OS X 10.2.6 or later\
XBox Controller with USB adapter (
\f1\b DON'T 
\f0\b0 ask me about this - use google)\
\

\f1\b Installation and Removal
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 To install, just open the "XBoxHIDDriver.pkg" package and follow the instructions. Restart should not be required, although it can't hurt.\
\
Removal is trickier, from the console you can do:\
\
sudo rm -rf /Library/PreferencePanes/XboxHIDPrefsPane.prefPane\
sudo rm -rf /System/Library/Extensions/DWXboxHIDDriver.kext\
\
Now open login items and delete the item for the launcher.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
Known Bugs and Limitations\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 The main "bug" is that the controller doesn't work in the game you want or the 3rd-party controller you have doesn't work at all. There are ways around these problems which are documented in the website FAQ.\
\
- 
\f2\i\b It doesn't work with Classic
\f0\i0\b0 \
I could probably easily fix this, but unless there are serious complaints this probably won't be fixed.\
\
- 
\f2\i\b It doesn't work with 3rd-party controllers
\f0\i0\b0 , (and probably wheels, remote control, headset, etc). These 
\f2\i\b can
\f0\i0\b0  be supported, since (I believe) they all use the same hardware spec. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 * 
\f0\b0 If you have an 
\f1\b XBox Gamepad
\f0\b0  built by a 
\f1\b 3rd party
\f0\b0 , you can figure out the product id and vendor id from the 
\f3\i USB Prober
\f0\i0  application, then plug those into DWXBoxHIDDriver.kext's property list. (This should be easy for programmer-types to figure out - please don't ask me for help on this.) If you do manage to achieve this, please let me know the product and vendor id so I can add it to a future driver release.\
\
* If you have another device that is 
\f1\b NOT 
\f0\b0 a gamepad, it probably won't work at all. If I get enough donations, I might feel compelled to buy a wheel or write support for other devices. But hey, the source is provided so feel free to go at it if you are so inclined.\
\
- 
\f2\i\b Force feedback is untested and may not work. 
\f0\i0\b0 I haven't taken the time yet to verify if the new force feedback API in Mac OS X 10.2.3+ is able to use the rumblers. It's perfectly possible that they will not work at all without further modifications to the driver internals.\
\
- 
\f2\i\b Earlier Mac OS X versions don't work.
\f0\i0\b0  The driver may work in 10.1.5, but I don't have a machine with 10.1.5 installed, so that capability is disabled.\
\

\f1\b About the Source Code\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 To get the source code go to the sourceforge project page http://sourceforge.net/projects/xhd\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 How to Help\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 - 
\f2\i\b\fs24 Make a Donation. 
\f0\i0\b0 To both motivate me and provide green for buying devices, fire up your PayPal account:\
\
https://www.paypal.com/xclick/business=walisser%40mac.com&item_name=XBox+HID+Driver&item_number=1&no_note=1&tax=0&currency_code=USD\
\
- 
\f2\i\b Test an Unsupported Device
\f0\i0\b0  - and send me some detailed info about it (from 
\f3\i USB Prober
\f2\b  
\f0\i0\b0 at least, and the manufacturer's whitepapers if you can find them). Maybe you could even buy me one and have it mailed to me ;-)\
\
- 
\f2\i\b Hack the Source
\f0\i0\b0  - especially try to build a utility to automatically add 3rd-party stuff to the driver property list!\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Acknowledgments\
ITO Takayuki
\f0\b0 , for his excellent analysis of the XBox Controller:\
	http://euc.jp/periphs/xbox-controller.en.html\

\f1\b Apple
\f0\b0 , for providing the source code for the HID and USB subsystems and USB HID driver, without which this would have been monumentally difficult for a novice like me.\
}